Discover Consumer Privacy Notice
FACTS
WHAT DOES DISCOVER 
DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Rev. 10/25

Why?	Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?	The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:

Social Security number and account transactions.
Account balances and payment history.
Transaction history and credit history.
How?	All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Discover chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information	Does Discover share?	Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus and other consumer reporting agencies	Yes	No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you	Yes	No
For joint marketing with other financial companies	Yes	No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences	Yes	No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness	Yes	Yes
For our affiliates to market to you	Yes	Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you	No	We don't share
To limit our sharing	■    Call 1-866-402-1048 – our menu will prompt you through your choices

Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.

However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?	Call 1-800-347-7000
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?	This privacy policy is being provided by Discover, a division of Capital One, N,A., (Discover) and applies to the products and services obtained at our retail bank office in Greenwood, Delaware and deposit accounts opened by mail, by phone, or on our websites and the products and services offered in connection with those accounts.
What we do
How does Discover protect my personal information?	To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Discover collect my personal information?	We collect your personal information, for example, when you:

Open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account.
Give us your contact information or make a wire transfer.
Provide account information.


We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus and other consumer reporting agencies, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?	Federal law gives you the right to limit only:

Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness.
Affiliates from using your information to market to you.
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.

State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?	Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates	Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.

Our affiliates include financial companies with the Capital One, Capital One Shopping, Discover, DFS, Velocity Black, Diners Club International, PULSE Network, and The Student Loan Corporation names.
Nonaffiliates	Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.

Discover does not share with nonaffliates so they can market to you.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include service providers.
Joint marketing	A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.

Our joint marketing partners can include institutions such as insurance companies.

Other important information
Vermont Residents – We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Find additional information about our privacy policies at www.discover.com/privacy-statement or by calling 1-800-347-7000.

California Residents – Except as permitted by law, we will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliates or joint marketing partners while you are a resident of California.

Nevada Residents – You may call 1-866-402-1048 to be placed on our Do Not Call List. For more information, mail Discover, PO Box 30416, Salt Lake City, UT 84130. You may also contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington Ave., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101, call 1-702-486-3132, or e-mail BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us. This notice is provided pursuant to state law.