
Privacy policy

Last update: 01/2026


Your privacy is not a game
For a simpli?ed version of the Privacy Policy, visit Guide to your personal data.
For more information on how we process minors' personal data, Privacy Policy for Young Players. Young players and parents or legal guardians may also wish to start by reading the Family Section
for additional information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any personal information you submit when applying for a job at Ubisoft.

PREAMBLE
At Ubisoft, your privacy is not a game, and we are committed to deploying all necessary means to protect your personal data when you use our services including our games, websites, applications, among others.
This Privacy Policy is designed to provide you with clear and comprehensive information about how your data is processed in the context of using our services and learn about our privacy standards to earn and maintain your trust.
Please note that your use of our services is subject to our Terms of Use.
Our services may involve interactions with third-party websites or services. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites or systems that our games, services, applications or websites may link to or be accessed from. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and online resources before sharing any personal data.

We invite you to consult this Privacy Policy regularly, as it may be updated from time to time to re?ect our privacy practices or for legal requirements. We are committed to informing you of any substantial changes made to this Privacy Policy.

ESSENTIAL DATA PROTECTION CONCEPTS
1. Personal data de?nition

Personal data is any information that relates to you either:
directly, such as your last and ?rst name, email address or picture;
or indirectly, such as your account ID, username or in some cases game data.
Depending on the services you use, we can process personal data:
directly from you such as your date of birth, email address, or password at the account creation;
automatically such as navigation data, IP address or through the placement of cookies;
indirectly through third parties such as when linking your Ubisoft account with a third-party account, or for advertising by collecting data using third-party tracking technologies such as cookies and tags.

Please note that this section provides an overview of what constitutes personal data and does not convey an exhaustive list of the personal data that may be processed by Ubisoft. For a more detailed list of the personal data that may be processed by Ubisoft please refer to section PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING.

2. Personal data processing de?nition

Processing of personal data refers to any operation performed on personal data including but not limited to collecting, storing, retrieving, using, combining, erasing, pseudonymizing, anonymizing or sharing to third parties. These operations occur when you visit our websites, create an account, make a purchase, play our games or delete your account.

3. Personal data controller

Ubisoft Entertainment (2 rue du Chęne Heleuc, 56910 Carentoir, France) is the data controller, responsible for processing your personal data when you use our services.
As a data controller, Ubisoft implements appropriate measures to protect your personal data and ensure your privacy and security is respected. We ensure that all data processing activities comply with applicable data protection laws.

4. Legal basis for processing

The applicable laws and regulations provide various legal bases that allow any organization to process personal data, in order to ensure the lawfulness of the processing carried out and the respect of your rights.
We may rely on different legal bases, as set out in applicable data protection laws, to process your personal data based on the type of data collected, the purpose of processing and your country of residence, which is determined by your Ubisoft Account settings or by your IP address location.
If you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA) or a region governed by similar laws, we may process your personal data based on the following legal basis: performance of the contract you have entered with Ubisoft, consent, legitimate interest, or legal obligation.
When legitimate interest is not a legal basis under applicable data protection laws in your county, we rely on other legal grounds to process your personal data, such as consent or performance of the contract, when required.

PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
Ubisoft processes your personal data to:

1. Create and manage your account

a. Create your Ubisoft Connect account

If you create your account through our services, we will collect your username, password, email address, date of birth and country.
If you create your account using your social media login or your credentials from a third-party platform (e.g. Facebook), we will collect the personal data that you have agreed to share via the social media site or third-party platform to facilitate the creation of your account. To learn more, refer to section Data sharing.
We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by accepting our Terms of Use.
Your data will be kept until the closure of your account. In some cases, we may keep the data longer, for example for fraud detection or to ensure player safety.
For more information, visit Creating a Ubisoft account.

b. Manage your settings

Once you have created your account, you can manage your account information at any time in the Account Management Page - Account Information.
For instance, you can:
Change your username; Modify your email address; Change your password;

Select your preferred language;
Link your Ubisoft account with third party accounts; Manage your application and service authorizations; Close your account.
c. Manage your choices: personalised content & advertising

You can also manage your preferences for newsletters, personalised content and advertising options at any time in the Privacy Center - Manage your choices.

Newsletter

When creating an account, you will have the option to subscribe to Ubisoft's newsletter to receive our latest news and updates by email. If you agree to receive newsletters, we will use the email address you provided when creating your account. You may withdraw your consent at any time in the Privacy Center - Manage your choices or by clicking on "unsubscribe" directly within the email.

Personalized content on Ubisoft applications & websites
We may display and highlight personalised Ubisoft content based on your game library and your activity within our services and games.
This data processing is based on Ubisoft's legitimate interest in improving your experience through content personalization. You can object to such personalization at any time in the Privacy Center - Manage your choices.
Note that certain adaptations are necessary to ensure the proper functioning of our services. These include adjustments related to the availability of games in your country and the application of age ?lters to ensure that the content provided is always appropriate.

On the website, this personalization is based on your consent which you can withdraw at any time in "Set Cookies" on our website. For more information on personalization on our websites, refer to section Tracking technologies: cookies & other trackers.

Personalized Ubisoft advertising on our partners' applications & websites
To keep you informed about our latest updates and improve your experience, we may display personalized Ubisoft advertising on our partners' applications and websites. For this purpose, we may use your contact information such as your email address. This data processing is based on Ubisoft's legitimate interest in providing you with the most relevant experience possible.

You can choose to allow these partners to access and reuse your personal data to display even more targeted and relevant advertising based on your consent. You can give and withdraw your consent at any time in the Privacy Center - Manage your choices.

For more information on personalization on our websites, refer to Tracking technologies: cookies & other trackers.

d. Manage your choices on mobile games

To allow you to play our games, we may process personal data to improve your in-game experience, provide you with personalized experience and maintain the proper functioning of the application.
For example, we may process personal data, such as your user ID and in-game preferences (e.g., to save progress and suggest relevant in-game features), technical data (e.g., device model, operating system), gameplay activity (e.g., games played, purchases, ads viewed), and geolocation at the country level only. We use your data solely in the context of our activities and in compliance with applicable data protection laws.

When you play our mobile games, you will be presented with the consent management platform enabling you to choose how your data is used by Ubisoft and its partners.
You can easily accept or decline options and update your preferences at any time within the application settings or learn more about how your data is used.

To manage and control how applications use data such as your advertising ID, you can adjust your device privacy settings and update the permissions in line with your preferences.
These options are speci?c to your mobile activity. Please note that if you log into your Ubisoft account on a mobile game, your preferences and consent selected on the mobile application will prevail.
For young players settings on mobile, refer to section Family Section.

e. Access & connect to Ubisoft's Web3 Services

This section applies exclusively to users of the Web3 products and services offered by Ubisoft.
When you connect to our Ubisoft Web3 Services, we may process your personal data, such as your crypto-wallet public address, publicly available information on blockchains (e.g. token balances, NFTs, purchase, sale and transfer transactions) to provide the products and services available to you as part of the Ubisoft Web3 Services. We may combine this information with other personal data we hold about you, including information from your Ubisoft Connect account, for example to assess your eligibility to use the Ubisoft Web3 Services.

In the course of providing you the Ubisoft Web3 Services, we may share your crypto-wallet public address with independent controllers to process the transactions you operate.
We may also receive personal data such as your crypto-wallet address or other information you choose to share from crypto-wallet providers, marketplaces, payment solutions and similar partners whose products and services are integrated in our Ubisoft Web3 Services. Your interaction with any third-party provider is solely governed by the provider's terms of service and privacy policy.

We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by accepting our Web3 Terms of Use.
Your data will be kept until the closure of your account.

2. Your gaming experience

a. Purchase in our services

To complete your purchase, we process the personal data necessary to complete the transaction including your name, mailing and email address, country, payment details, and purchase history. We share this data with our trusted partners in charge of payment processing and delivery. To learn more, refer to section Data sharing.
When you make a purchase through our services, we automatically process your personal data to detect and prevent payment fraud. In some cases, this data may be shared with our trusted partners for fraud prevention and security purposes. To learn more, refer to section Fair, safe, secure and inclusive gaming environment.

We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft to complete the purchase and based on the legal obligations to store accounting records for tax and audit purposes.
Your order history and related purchase data will be kept for up to 10 years to comply with tax and audit regulations.

b. Play our games & use our services

We process the following types of data to provide our services:
Your data related to in-game interactions to deliver our services, enhance your experience and ensure the security of our services. This includes completed levels, rewards obtained, rankings, completed missions, playtime statistics, feature usage, the data associated with any bugs and malfunctions, as well as telemetry data used to optimize game and service performance. Telemetry data refers to data collected and transmitted automatically from a device to a system for evaluation and analysis purposes.
Your cross-progression data to enable seamless gameplay across different devices and platforms, we process personal data such as platform speci?c identi?ers, account identi?ers, game data and device information.

Your login and browsing data to support the operation and security of our services, such as visited pages, device and connection identi?ers, login dates and times and information about your browser and operating system.
Data transmitted by console manufacturers to simplify account creation and address any bugs and malfunctions, such as your age, country, username and email address, your console identi?er and your game data.
We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by accepting our Terms of Use.
Your data will be kept until the closure of your account. Some data can be deleted after a prolonged period of inactivity without affecting your game library.

c. Use our social features

Our social features are designed to enhance your gaming experience and include activities such as players interactions, voice and text chats, streaming functionalities, community challenge, friends' list, leaderboards and matchmaking.
When you use social features, we may process personal data such as your username, gameplay activity, statistics, chat records, images, audio and video ?les. This allows you to use our services and to interact with other players in a secure environment.
We may also process user-generated content when you create, upload or share content through our services. User-generated content refers to anything you create or share through our services, such as image, video, avatars or other creations.

In some cases, data such as usernames, text and voice records, friends' lists may be publicly visible in leaderboards and during game streaming. This data may also be used to enforce our Terms of Use for player safety purposes. To learn more, refer to section Player Safety: prevention, detection and sanction disruptive behaviors.

You can manage your social preference at any time in the Privacy Center - Social Preferences.
We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by accepting our Terms of Use (e.g. using chat features) or based on Ubisoft legitimate interest (e.g. personalized suggestions and recommendations).
Your data will be kept until the closure of your account.

d. Be part of the Ubisoft Creators Program

If you apply and are eligible to Ubisoft Creators Program, we process your account information and additional data regarding your social media channels such as Steam, Twitch, YouTube. For more information, visit Ubisoft Creator Program website.
We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by accepting our Creators Program Terms of Use.
Your data will be kept until you leave the program except for any sanctions that may have been applied to your account. Sanction related data will be retained for 2 years after you leave the program for reporting purposes and to apply in case of reapplication to the program.

e. Participate in playtests

When you sign up on https: /playtest.ubisoft.com, we process data such as your contact details and gaming preferences to help us select the right candidates. We also collect feedback and game session data to conduct playtests and improve our services.
We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by participating in playtests. In some cases, for speci?c playtests, we may process your personal data based on your consent.
We keep your pro?le data as long as it is active and data related to your playtests as long as necessary to analyze the results. Note that you can unsubscribe from playtests at any time in your settings. To know more, visit https: /playtest.ubisoft.com/faq.

f. Participate to community programs

When you register for a technical test, an insider program or any other community program, we process data such as your username and country to select the eligible candidates, communicate with you and invite you to other tests. We also collect feedback and data related to your experience during the test to conduct the test and improve our services and games.
We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by participating in such test.
Your data will be kept as long as necessary for the duration of the program, to conduct the test and analyze the results.

g.  Research & service optimization

When you use and interact with our services or play our games, we may process your personal data including your game data (e.g. level reached, achievements, quest progress, rankings, playtime, etc.) to provide, analyze, develop, and improve the products, features and services we offer. Such data processing may involve algorithmic analysis and machine learning models depending on the speci?c product, feature or service you use. Before or at the time of processing, additional detailed information about these activities can be available.

These data processing activities support analysis and insights designed to enhance your experience and drive the development of new services. In these cases, your data may be combined, aggregated, pseudonymized, or anonymized as necessary.
For instance,
to enforce our player safety standards as outlined in our Terms of Use and our Code of Conduct;
to detect and ?ght fraud and abuse more effectively;
to improve recommendations and personalization of your experience such as tailored in- game content;
to enable us to better understand player behavior and optimize players' gameplay experiences.
In addition, as part of our internal research efforts, we may also use data from third-party sources. This data is rigorously pseudonymized and is not cross-referenced with our internal databases. Our sole objective is to better understand emerging trends and how our games are perceived by the gaming community.

We process your personal data based on your consent or our legitimate interest in improving our services and products depending on the speci?c processing.
Your data will be kept as long as necessary to ful?l the purposes of research and analysis.

h. Participate to esport competition & tournament

To support the tournament organization and participation, we may process personal data such as your ?rst and last name, birthdate, usernames, account IDs, email address, team names and compositions, match results, scores, and rankings. We also process administrative information needed to manage the tournament organization, con?rm participant eligibility, ensure compliance with applicable rules and promote the tournament through published results and performance statistics for ranking, analysis or promotional purposes.

Some data may be made public and may be shared with trusted partners.
We process your personal data based on the performance of the contract you entered with Ubisoft for participation in the tournament, legitimate interest when monitoring our services, or consent where applicable.
Your data will be kept until the end of the event, unless a legal obligation requires otherwise for tournament data and for compliance purposes.

3. Ensure a fair, safe, secure & inclusive gaming environment

a. Security

Protecting your personal data and safeguarding your privacy is a priority. We are committed to doing everything reasonably possible to maintain the con?dentiality, integrity, and availability of the data you share with us.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your data from unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, alteration, or disclosure. These measures include industry standards, contractual safeguards with our trusted partners and regular review of the effectiveness of these measures.

As no IT solution is risk-free, we encourage you to use strong and unique passwords, enable two-factor authentication (2FA), keep your devices up to date, report any suspicious activity. Remain vigilant and never share sensitive information.
For more information, visit Improving the security on your Ubisoft account.

b. Troubleshooting , debugging & network diagnostics

As part of technical maintenance, the resolution of incidents affecting the performance or security of our services, including games, and continuous service improvement we process personal data. This may include technical connection data (e.g. IP addresses, session IDs, logs), diagnostic data (e.g. crash reports, system or application logs, execution traces), con?guration data (e.g. operating system version, network settings, game or service version), and interaction data.

This data is processed to detect, analyze, and resolve technical issues affecting the services, ensure the stability, performance, and security of the games and services provided, prevent fraudulent or abusive behavior that could compromise system integrity, improve technical support tools, optimize the user experience and detect unauthorized bot technologies.
To perform these activities, we may use both internal and third-party technologies. We process your personal data based on:
Ubisoft's legitimate interest in ensuring the proper functioning, security, and reliability of the services;
the performance of the contract when processing is necessary for providing the service or resolving a reported incident;
compliance with legal obligations, particularly in the area of cybersecurity; your consent when required.
Your data will be kept for as long as necessary, depending on the nature of the data or for evidentiary and compliance purposes.

c. Player Safety: prevention, detection & sanction of disruptive behavior

The security of our players is a priority, and we are committed to ensuring that all players can enjoy a fair and safe environment.
When you play our games and activate social features such as voice or text chat, we may process your personal data such as your ID, username, user-generated content (UGC), avatars and other creations and voice and text chat information (including chat history). This data is processed to prevent, detect, and address behavior that violates our Terms of Use and Code of Conduct.

This data may be processed in response to: reports submitted by the players community;
the use of tools designed to detect cheating, toxic behaviour and bot activity; actions of our moderation teams.
This processing involves the use of tools that rely on both automated and manual solutions.
In the event of a sanction, you may contact our Customer Support to appeal the decision, request a manual review of your sanction, and obtain additional information. Please note that information that could compromise the effectiveness of our detection systems will not be disclosed.

This data may also be used to research and develop solutions, including arti?cial intelligence models, aimed at detecting and analysing inappropriate behavior such as the use of toxic usernames, hate speech, or verbal abuse. These technologies also help us ?ght cheating and fraud, preventing unauthorized activity and preserving the integrity of our services.
We process your personal data based on:
the performance of the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by accepting our Terms of Use and Code of Conduct;
legal obligations, particularly those related to the security of our services;
and Ubisoft's legitimate interests, including improving the detection of cheating, toxic behaviour and unauthorized bot activity.
Your data will be kept for as long as your account remains active, and for the time necessary to enforce any sanctions in case of violations of our Terms of Use and Code of Conduct.
For more information, visit Reporting a player in Ubisoft games.

4. Contact our Customer Support

When you contact ourCustomer Support through the dedicated portal, we may process your personal data to provide you with personalised assistance to investigate and address any issue you encounter with our services.
We may process data associated with your account (e.g. full name, username, email address, date of birth, country, information on your transactions and purchases) or data relating to your activity (e.g. console identi?er and games registered on your account).
When you contact our Customer Support through social media, we may process some of the personal data available on your pro?le, such as your username on the platform, to help identify and respond to your inquiry.
We use this personal data solely to the extent that their processing is necessary to respond to your request.
To protect the security ofyour account and your personal data, you may be required to verify your account ownership before we can process your request to exercise your data protection rights.
Veri?cation methods may include logging into your account, accessing and con?rming ownership of the email address associated with your account, and con?rming other unique account-related data.
We process your personal data to perform the contract you have entered with Ubisoft by accepting our Terms of Use.
The attachments associated with your customer support requests will be kept for 30 days and some data may be kept up to the closure of your account for example to address disputes or to ful?l legal requirements.

5. Legal Purposes

a. Finance, audit & legal compliance

As part of managing ?nancial, accounting, tax and legal obligations, we may process personal data, such as identi?cation data (e.g. name, account ID), transactional data (e.g. billing, payment information), contractual data (e.g. subscription information), tax-related data as well as data from correspondence and complaints, for purposes of legal compliance, accounting veri?cation, audits, or administrative or judicial investigations.

This data is processed for the purposes of issuing, managing, and archiving invoices and accounting documents, monitoring payments, refunds, and ?nancial transactions, complying with legal obligations and conducting internal controls, audits, and declarations.
We process your personal data based on applicable legal obligations, the performance of the contract, our legitimate interest in ensuring compliance, managing risk prevention, and our legitimate interest in ensuring effective ?nancial management.
Your data will be kept only as long as necessary and for up to 10 years for accounting data.

b. Legal requests from public authorities

As part of our legal and regulatory obligations, we may collect, retain, and disclose certain personal data such as identi?cation data (e.g. names, username, account ID, IP addresses); activity data (e.g. connection history and interactions with the services and players); contractual and transactional data (e.g. data related to purchases, subscriptions, payment methods), and relevant data strictly related to requests from administrative, judicial, tax, or regulatory authorities.

We process your personal data based on our legal obligations to respond to legally valid judicial, administrative, or tax requests, to cooperate with competent authorities during investigations, audits, or legal proceedings, and to prevent or detect criminal offenses, fraud, security breaches, or violations of our Terms of Use and Code of Conduct and our legitimate interest in ensuring service compliance.

Your data will be kept as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations.

DATA STORAGE AND SHARING
1. Data storage & transfers

Ubisoft processes and stores your personal data in the countries where we operate, which may include locations outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We may also share your data with our subsidiaries, development studios, and trusted partners based outside the EEA.
When transferring personal data internationally, Ubisoft ensures that your data is protected in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Ubisoft relies on different legal mechanisms to help lawfully transfer personal data outside the country of collection, where appropriate. This includes relying on adequacy decisions adopted by the European Commission for speci?c countries, such as the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States (with respect to applicable framework such as the Data Privacy Framework).

For transfer to other countries, we have implemented appropriate safeguards, such as the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, to ensure an adequate level of protection, essentially equivalent to that within the EEA.
For more information about these safeguards visit the European Commission's website.
If permissible under local data protection law, by using our services, you are authorizing Ubisoft to process your data in any of the locations where we operate (including the US).

2. Data sharing

We may share your personal data with:
Ubisoft subsidiaries, af?liated companies (Ketchapp, Green Panda Games, Kolibri Games, ...), and internal teams involved in the management and delivery of the services. For more information visit https: /www.ubisoft.com/en-us/company/careers/locations.
Service providers to support the delivery, operation and promotion of our services such as providers involved in payment processing, product delivery, customer support, fraud prevention, moderation of user behaviour (e.g. addressing cheating, toxic conduct, or other violations), and marketing activities. These service providers are under the same obligations as Ubisoft to comply with applicable data protection laws and must respect Ubisoft's Supplier Code of Conduct.
Our services are protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Google Terms of Service apply.
Community developers and Competitive Gameplay Partners who develop tools, overlays, or services that enhance competitive gameplay experience and bene?t our community of players (e.g. for in-game performance, leaderboards, or PvP match analysis).
Distribution partners on console, PC, or "First Party" partners when you access our games through their services, such as Sony, Microsoft, or Steam. We may share data, such as your ?rst party identi?er, your game data or bug and malfunction data.
Third-party partners platforms, such as streaming services and social networks. During account creation, you may choose to authenticate via a third-party service such as Facebook or Googleor link an existing third-party account to your user pro?le, in such cases, certain personal data may be

shared with us by the third party, and your use of their services is subject to their respective privacy policies.
Advertising partners who use your personal data to provide you with personalised content.
To consult a list of Ubisoft's partners, please see the Cookies Page.
To manage your preferences, you can change your settings at any time in the section "Set Cookies" on Ubisoft websites or visit the Privacy Center - Manage your choices.
Administrative or judicial authorities when required by law such as to support an investigation or to con?rm that Ubisoft is handling personal data appropriately, we may be required under applicable law to share your data with the police authorities, government authorities, for example in the event of a complaint in connection with the use of our services. Ubisoft always verify that any request we receive is lawful and legitimate. To learn more, refer to section Legal purposes.
With other players and the wider audience. This can happen if you take part in competitions on social media, use certain features in our games, or post messages in chats or forums that are visible to a large community of players. In these cases, your personal data may be consulted by your friends, the people taking part in the games or the public.
To manage your preferences, visit the Privacy Center - Social Preferences.
We may disclose your data to other recipients with your express consent, unless otherwise described above. You may authorize us to share your data with a certain company or organization to hear about their products, services, or promotions. In this case, the other company will process your data according to their own privacy policy. We encourage you to read their privacy policy carefully before sharing any data.
Restructurings and business transactions. We may share your data in the context of restructurings or business transactions such as a merger, acquisition, sale, or transfer of assets, as permitted by law.
Please note that you can manage your social preference at any time in the Privacy Center - Social Preferences.

3. Tracking technologies: cookies & other trackers

Cookies are small text ?les stored on your device used to enhance your experience, remember your preferences, and collect data on how you interact with our services.
We process some tracking technologies such as cookies, pixel, APIs, SDK, click processing, server- side processing, when you use our services or visit a third-party website where we and our trusted partners provide content or carry out content use analysis.
We allow some of our trusted partners to set and access their cookies on your device. These partners' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies.
You can adjust your browser settings to understand when these cookies are stored on your device or to disable the cookies by consulting your browser's "Help" menu. Please note that these settings may affect your shopping experience or your access to certain features of our services whenever these cookies are needed for the operation of our services (e.g. language preferences or shopping basket save).

To refuse non-essential cookies or request their deletion as well as obtain the list of partners who are permitted to store and access these cookies, visit the Cookies Page.
To manage your preferences, you can change your settings at any time in the section "Set Cookies" on Ubisoft websites.

YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR PERSONAL DATA
At Ubisoft, giving you control over your personal data is a priority. This is why we provide you with a Privacy Center that let you manage how your data is processed at any time. To learn more about your rights and how to exercise them, please read below and visit our dedicated Help Page.

1. Right of access & data portability

Access your data - "Data access and portability request": We believe in transparency, and that applies to the data we use to run our games and services. To request an extract of the personal data associated with your account, visit the Privacy Center - Control your personal data - Access your data. You will receive an email when your extract is ready.
You may also consult the data, use it yourself or transfer it to another service provider.
If you have been sanctioned for violating our Terms of Use or Code of Conduct, we will not be able to give you access to all the data regarding your sanction to maintain our ability to detect or take action against such behaviour.

2. Right to recti?cation

Rectify your data - "Data recti?cation request": You can self-rectify your personal data (Email address, First and Last Name, Gender, Preferred Language) at any time, directly from the Account information page. If you want to rectify other personal data, visit Ubisoft Help page.

3. Right to erasure

Close your account & delete your personal data - "Data deletion request": Ubisoft needs to process your personal data for the functioning of your account. If you no longer want Ubisoft to process your personal data, you can request at any time the closure of your account.
As a result of the account closure, you will lose access to your account, games, your game progressions, access to all Ubisoft online services, orders that currently remains in the Ubisoft Store and the link with all external accounts. Please note that all associated data will be permanently deleted. This data cannot be recovered if you change your mind after the deletion is complete.

Some data associated with your main account, such as those related to PlayStation or Xbox, may be kept after the deletion of your Ubisoft account, without allowing your re-identi?cation. To proceed to the deletion of your data related to PlayStation or Xbox, we encourage you to contact the relevant platforms directly, if applicable.

For iOS and Android, if you have an active subscription linked to the game, you must cancel it prior to submitting your deletion request.
In some cases, even if you request deletion of your data, Ubisoft may retain limited personal data. This data will be kept when necessary to comply with legal obligations, enforce our legal rights or protect our legitimate interests, for example, to manage fraud, enforce sanctions, or ensure the security of our services.
To close your Ubisoft account, go to Account information page and click on "Close account" to initiate the deletion process.

4. Right to object

Manage your choices - "Data objection request": you can choose at any time to withdraw your consent or object to certain types of data processing, such as receiving newsletters or promotional emails, seeing personalized advertising or sharing your data with our trusted partners (except for subsidiaries and technical service providers). You can manage your preferences in several ways:
Privacy Center - Manage your choices "Set Cookies" on Ubisoft websites.
For mobile games, adjust privacy settings within the game,

Device settings

on iOS, you can manage your preferences by refusing the App Tracking Transparency permission when prompted, or at any time under Settings > Privacy & Security > Tracking;
on Android: you can manage your ad personalization preferences under Settings > Google > Ads > Ads settings.
Note that the exact area of these settings and wording may vary depending on your device model and operating system version.

Even if you unsubscribe to our newsletter, you will still receive essential emails related to your account (e.g. if you forget your password).

5. Right to restriction

Limit the use of your data - "Data restriction request": In limited circumstances, such as for legal claims or to protect the rights of a third party, you may have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Please note that we need to process your personal data in order to provide our services. As a result, any restriction may affect the availability of our services. To exercise this right, please contact the Customer support here.

6. Right to lodge a complaint

After contacting us, if you believe your data protection rights have not been respected, you have the right to ?le a complaint to the data protection authority in your country.
To exercise your rights if you do not have an account or for any question regarding the exercise of these rights, you can contact the Customer Support at any time.

FAMILY SECTION
For more information on how we process minors' personal data, visit our Privacy Policy for Young Players.

At Ubisoft, we take the protection of our young audience very seriously. Our goal is to provide a safe, enriching and positive gaming environment for our minor players. That is why we created Young Players Accounts designed for players under 18, with enhanced privacy and safety features. These include Child Accounts and Teen Accounts.
These enhanced protections features include in-game spending controls, pro?le visibility restrictions, protective privacy and data protection settings by default, and text and voice chat restrictions.
Ubisoft does not condition the creation of a Young Player Account on the disclosure of more personal data than reasonably necessary to create and maintain the account.
Child Account: Players between 7 years old and the age of consent set by applicable law can create a Child Account. When creating the account, the Ubisoft Child Account is linked to a parent's or legal guardian's Ubisoft account. The parent or guardian will help the child set it up, will receive monthly report on the game activity of their child, will receive purchase and friends noti?cation of their child and will be able to manage the settings through the Family Center.
Teen Account: Players between the age of consent and 18 years old can create a Teen Account. They will bene?t from additional protective features.
For more information, please visit the following articles: Age thresholds for a Ubisoft account
Information about the Ubisoft account Family Center Information about Ubisoft child accounts Information about Ubisoft teen accounts
Social preferences for your Ubisoft account
In-game currency spending control for young player Ubisoft accounts Closing a young player's Ubisoft account
CONTACTS
If you have any questions about this document, please contact: The Data Protection Of?ce team here
Address: UBISOFT ENTERTAINMENT SA, 2, rue du Chęne Heleuc - 56910 Carentoir (France)

For any other questions, please contact Ubisoft Customer Support.

Local contacts

Canada

Attention: Legal Department
Address: Ubisoft: 5505 St-Laurent Blvd., Suite 5000, Montréal, Québec, H2T 1S6, Canada

South Korea

Attention: Ms. Eun-Mi Kim
Address: Platinum Building Rm# 1216, 28 Saemunan-ro 5ga-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul Email: Ubisoft_Privacy_Korea@generalagent.co.kr
Telephone number: 02-736-8275

General Agent Co., Ltd. is designated pursuant to Article 31-2 of the Personal Information Protection Act and Article 32-5 of the Network Act

United States

Attention: Ubisoft, Inc., Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department Address: 300 Mission Street, 20th Floor, San Francisco CA
Ubisoft is a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certi?ed Program ("https: /www.esrb.org/privacy"). To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. As a licensee in this privacy certi?cation program, we are subject to audits of our services and other enforcement accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certi?ed. Our Services containing the ESRB Privacy Certi?ed seal have been reviewed and certi?ed by ESRB Privacy Certi?ed to meet online information collection and use practices.

If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB at: https: /www.esrb.org/privacy/contact/ or by email at: privacy@esrb.org


Europe

Attention: Legal Department
Address: 2 avenue Pasteur, 94 160 St Mandé, France
If you have any questions, regarding this privacy policy, we may also contact the French supervisory authority (CNIL) or the supervisory authority of the country in which you are located. Please refer to: Our Members | European Data Protection Board

U.S. SECTION
United States Privacy

This section provides privacy disclosures which supplement the above privacy policy by providing additional information about Ubisoft's processing of personal data and data subject rights as it relate to residents of various U.S. States including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Viriginia. Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms de?ned in our Privacy Notice retain the same meaning in these Disclosures.

This section also provides additional disclosures about processing, rights, and data retention as they related to children under the age of 13 as required under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Sensitive Data

Sensitive Data has the same meaning as is de?ned in the privacy laws of the list of U.S. State laws above.
Ubisoft may collect and process the following categories of Sensitive Data: Payment information associated with your Ubisoft player account, Precise geo-location, and
Personal Data from a child under 13.
Ubisoft will not use or process your sensitive data without ?rst obtaining your explicit consent, or, in the case of the processing all data of a known child under the age of 13, without ?rst obtaining veri?able parental consent in accordance with COPPA.
Your privacy rights and Notice at Collection

This notice supplements the information contained in the above Privacy Policy and applies to visitors, users, and others who reside in the list of U.S. State provided above. Consumers residing in various U.S. States have certain rights with respect to their personal information. This Notice at Collection explains the following:
What types of personal information will be collected The purpose(s) of the collection
The business' sales practices
Where the business' Privacy Policy can be found Your rights under and how to exercise them
How to contact Ubisoft to exercise your privacy rights Our data retention practices
Collection and Use of Personal Data: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Data: identi?ers, personal information categories listed in the California Civil Code Section 1798.80. (e), commercial information, internet or other similar network activity, and geolocation data. For examples of more speci?c information we collect and the sources of such collection, please see Section 3 'When does Ubisoft collect your Personal Data and for what purpose?' in the Privacy Policy. We collect your Data for the business and commercial purposes described in Section 3.
You may exercise your right to limit the user and disclosure of your sensitive personal information by submitted a request via the form at this link.
Disclosure of Personal Data: We may share your Data with third parties as described in the "How does Ubisoft share your Personal Data?" above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of your Data for business or commercial purposes:
identi?ers,
personal information categories listed in the California Civil Code Section 1798.80. (e), commercial information,
internet or other similar network activity,
game stats and usernames with community developer websites, and geolocation data.
All categories of personal information listed here may be shared with categories of third parties as listed in section 5 above.

Sale of Personal Information: U.S. state laws require that we provide transparency about your personal information we "sell," "Sell" in this context means scenarios in which personal information is shared with third parties/partners in exchange for valuable consideration. In the preceding 12 months, we have "sold" the following categories of your Data: identi?ers, personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, commercial information, internet or other similar network activity, and geolocation data.
Minors between the ages of 13-18:
We will not sell or share your personal information unless you opt-in to the sale or sharing of your personal information by visiting this link,
We will not pro?le you for the purpose of targeted advertising without your express af?rmative consent.
Children under the age of 13 in the U.S.:
Ubisoft collects and processes minimal personal information from children under the age of 13 to create Ubisoft player accounts.
Ubisoft does not condition the creation of a Ubisoft account for children under 13 on disclosure of more personal information reasonably necessary to create and maintain the account.
Ubisoft will not collect, use, or disclosure any personal information from children under the age of 13 without ?rst obtaining veri?able parental consent from their parent or legal guardian.
The only information collected from children under the age of 13 prior to obtaining veri?able parental consent is their parent's online contact information and the child's name so that Ubisoft may contact their parent to obtain veri?able parental consent.
Parents and legal guardians are required to provide their veri?able consent during the child account creation process. The are two methods for providing veri?able consent: Government ID veri?cation or credit card transaction.
During the account creation process the child's email address and date of birth are collected from the parent, or legal guardian.
Ubisoft does not disclose or share the personal information collected from children with any third parties for any purposes.
Once a child has a Ubisoft account, they might share their personal information in chat with other children.
If your child chooses to link their Ubisoft account with their Discord, YouTube, or Twitch account, the personal information in their Ubisoft account may be shared with those services.
Ubisoft will only retain the information collected from a child for as long as is necessary to maintain an account for the child. A child may choose to delete their information at any time, to do so, they initiate account closure from within their Ubisoft account. After initiating account closure, they will have 30 days in which to change their mind. After 30 days, the account is closed and all information collected from the child will be deleted. This process is irreversible.
Parents can exercise the following right regarding their child's data:
Parents can request to know and review the data that Ubisoft has collected about their child, Parents can request to correct any data Ubisoft has collected about their child,
Parents can request to delete any data Ubisoft has collected about their child,
Parents can consent to the collection of personal information about their child to create an account but not consent to the sharing of that information for targeted advertising purposes (please note that while parents have this right, Ubisoft does not share the personal information of children for targeted advertising purposes).

Parents can opt in or opt out of target advertising directed at their children.

Parents can limit the use and processing of their child's sensitive personal data,
Parents can refuse to permit any further processing of their child's personal information
Parents can exercise these rights by contacting Ubisoft customer support by submitting a request via this form LINK
Your Rights and Choices: Some US states have enacted laws (including the CCPA) that give you the ability to opt out of the sale of your Data to third parties. In effect, this will disable targeted advertising provided by Ubisoft's third-party partners, which means that Ubisoft will no longer share your Data with third-party partners to customize your advertising experience.
Ubisoft enables you to do so by using the following privacy controls.
On Ubisoft websites : please ?nd on our Cookies Page the list of third parties that may implement and/or access cookies on your computer or mobile device. You can opt-out from third-party cookies at any time by clicking on the link "Set Cookies" at the bottom of each Ubisoft webpage. Switching the checkbox to "Off" for all cookies other than "Essential cookies" will prevent third parties from using cookies to track your activity on Ubisoft websites.
On your Ubisoft Account: you can opt-out of the sale of your personal data at any time by logging in to your Ubisoft Account Management Page. You can then access the "Privacy and communication" Section, then click "Manage" in the box labelled "Ubisoft advertising on partner websites" and set it to "No".
On mobile games: to opt out of the sale of your personal information on mobile game, please navigate to the "Privacy Settings" section in the game's Settings menu, then un-check the box "marketing purposes by sharing your data with trusted partners."
You may also opt out of the sale of your personal information directly in the settings menu of your telephone or tablet by activating "Limit Ad Tracking" on Apple telephones, or "Opt-out of Ads Personalization" on Android telephones. Ubisoft games also include mechanism available for players to opt out from the sale of their game data. Please visit the settings menu of each game to learn more.

Additionally, depending on your location, you may have one or more of the following rights under
U.S. State Privacy laws:
Right to Know and Access: You have the right to know what information Ubisoft has collected about you, and you have the right to request more information about the categories and speci?c pieces of personal information we have collected, sold, and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months,
Right to Correct: You have the right to correct inaccurate personal information we may have, and
Right to Delete: You have the right to request deletion of your personal information,
Right to Request a Copy: You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data Ubisoft collected about you, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data without hindrance,
Right to Non-Discrimination: You have the right to be free from discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA,

Right to Opt-Out
Targeted advertising,
The sale or sharing of your personal information,
Automated processing or pro?ling that may produce legal effects impacting you, or The collection of voice or facial recognition data.
Depending on your state, you have the right to opt-out of:
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information we may have.

Additionally, you may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. If you would like to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must (i) provide the agent signed permission to do so, (ii) provide proof of your identity, and (iii) directly con?rm you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. If we do not receive the above, we will deny the request.

To exercise any one of these rights, you may use either of the following methods:
You may submit a request to exercise one of your rights using this customer support form, You may also contact us Ubisoft Customer Support directly via email at EMAIL_ADDRESS
If we need additional information to verify your identity, we will contact you to request that information. If we are not able to verify your identity, we will deny your request.
California Consumer Requests - Metrics Reporting for 2022-2023

Right to Access

Requests made in California: 1718 Requests denied: 0
Average ?rst response time: 0.2 hours
Automated requests processing time: approximately 24 hours.

Right to Deletion

Requests made in California: 2718 Requests denied: 1
Average ?rst response time: 17.5 hours Automated requests processing time: 30 days
Right to Opt-Out from the Sale of Personal Information
Requests made in California: 0 Requests denied: 0
Average ?rst response time: N/A

Right to Correct

Requests made in California: 19867 Requests denied: 550
Average ?rst response time: 40.1 hours

Right to Limit Use / Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Requests made in California: 12 Requests denied: 0
Average ?rst response time: 0.2 hours
California Shine the Light Law: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of services that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please submit a veri?able consumer request to us by either:
navigating to https: /support.ubisoft.com/Article/000063467/ or
writing to us at Ubisoft, Inc. Attn: Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department, 625 Third Street San Francisco, 94107 CA, USA.
California Rights for Minor Users: California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or remove information

provided by you or publicly posted by you. To make such a request, please submit a veri?able consumer request to us by either:
navigating to https: /support.ubisoft.com/Article/000063467/ or
writing to us at Ubisoft, Inc. Attn: Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department, 625 Third Street San Francisco, 94107 CA, USA.
We may still retain your information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements.
Global Privacy Controls:
DO NOT TRACK/GLOBAL PRIVACY CONTROL
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our websites do not currently respond to browser DNT signals.
Ubisoft websites employ a consent management platform that receives and responds to Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals to streamline and automate the processing of website visitors consent preferences. Some browsers or plug-ins enable a "Global Privacy Control" ("GPC") signal, which you can learn more about at https: /globalprivacycontrol.org/. If our site detects a GPC signal from your device or web browser, we will interpret it as either a Do Not Sell request or a request to limit the sale or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising, personalization, analytics, or multimedia content.
